Prebid parakeet (#1)
brodrigu/prebid-td: PrebidBackground.md

## Prebid.js Today

This sequence diagram attempts to illustrate how Prebid.js functions on a publisher's page today:

![Prebid Sequence Diagram](out/prebid_statusquo/prebid_statusquo.png)

1. A user navigates to a publisher site
2. The publisher page loads and configures prebid.js
3. prebid.js invokes SSP adapter for participating SSPs
4. SSP adapter issues an ad request to the SSP
5. SSPs do traffic quality evaluation (and may short circuit if they deem the traffic fraudulent).
6. SSPs solicit bids from eligible and interested DSPs
7. DSPs respond with bids
8. SSPs filter bids based on pub controls (e.g. ad quality)
9. SSPs responds to the page/SSP adapter with a creative and a value.
10. SSP adapter responds to Prebid.js with the SSPs creative and a value.
11. Prebid.js selects the appropriate ad (may be auction, may not be)
12. Prebid.js configures the appropriate k/v pairs for the selected ad
13. Prebid.js returns control the page, where the pub initiates the loading of the GAM slot
14. GAM ad tag is invoked.
15. GAM ad tag calls GAM (and AdX, not OB due to their policies)
16. GAM runs the final selection process, which includes line items activated by Prebid.js

> 17. GAM creative is rendered regardless of outcome, but what is in that creative will vary:
>   - [GAM/AdX winner] In this situation the rendered ad tag is a creative sent via GAM/AdX.
>   - [Prebid.js winner] In this case the tag rendered from GAM was associated with a Prebid.js lineitem and it calls back into Prebid.js to render the earlier selected creative.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
17. GAM creative is rendered regardless of the outcome, but what is in that creative will vary:
    1. GAM/AdX winner: In this situation, the rendered ad tag is a creative sent via GAM/AdX.
    2. Prebid.js winner: In this case, the tag rendered from GAM was associated with a Prebid.js line item and it calls back into Prebid.js to render the earlier selected creative.
```
